Hey, good morning family.
How are you all doing today?
I'm going to talk to you all about the angels.
If you watched my last video, I was starting to talk about that, but then the Lord took that in a different direction, talking about the blessing.
So, I'm going to talk to you all about the angelic visitations that I've had.
I've had several angelic visitations and the Lord has been amazing over the years; I've seen some really cool stuff.
But this time, we were just praying.
It was a normal night in the same house; everything was the same.
We were praying and we went to bed, and all of a sudden my wife and I were woken up out of our sleep around 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning.
The whole house shook.
It sounded like the whole roof was going to come off of our house.
My wife said, 'Oh, did you hear that?
' and she woke me.
I said, 'Yes, I heard it; it woke me up too.
I think somebody's trying to break into our house.
Let me go check.
' I grabbed my pistol and I went to check our home to make sure that nobody was in there.
All of a sudden, I looked out.
I'm standing by the door and my eyes are opened to the spirit realm.
I see four demons—four demonic spirits that were shaped with scales all over them.
They had nasty-looking hair growing out of them and warts on them.
Their eyes were shaped slanted, like red eyes.
One was with a pig-looking nose with tusks coming up.
Then the other one was completely black; there was no shape to it.
It looked kind of like a ghost, but it was just a black, misty-looking thing.
The others were different shapes.
I'm not going to give any more glory to it, but every single one of them was there, and they were trying to get into the house.
They shook the roof of the house in the natural and, like I said, it startled both of us and woke us up, but they couldn't get in.
At the time, I could see them grunting and hissing and doing all kinds of stuff, carrying on by us on the street, but I didn't understand why they couldn't come past.
All of a sudden, I saw massive angels—humongous angels—chained together.
Their arms were chained together, like when you cross your arms with each other.
They were standing strong, and those demonic spirits were hitting against those angelic beings, but they couldn't get past them.
Every night before we go to bed, we put chain-linked angels all around our house and we commission them.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels are surrounding our house, that no devil in hell can come across the bloodline and cannot come across the angels.
The angels are protecting us as we sleep.
It was just like we prayed.
This is part of what I'm trying to tell you all about.
It took me back so much that I yelled when I saw this, 'Praise God!
Wow!
Praise the Lord!
' because I saw the angels protecting us.
Whenever they heard me praising the Lord, they all looked over, turned their bodies, started looking at me, and they said, 'Praise the Lord!
' and they started worshipping the Lord with me.
I turned around and I said, 'Whoa!
' because it was so loud.
Their voices were so loud they sounded like sirens, like trumpets, like a blast.
They said it together: 'Praise the Lord!
' And when they did, it echoed throughout all the area; you could hear it in the spirit realm.
It was so loud you'd have to hold your ears.
They started praising the Lord with me.
Every single time they worshipped the Lord, they turned back to see what I was doing.
As I praised the Lord, they started praising the Lord.
It became a chain, and we just started praising the Lord.
At that time, I saw the glory coming from the heavens through the dimensions, through the portal.
I could see shafts of light coming through that portal and it was making those angels glow.
They started glowing with a heavenly glory glow, even brighter as they praised the Lord.
Those shafts of light were coming out of the heavens and it was giving them 'super juice.
' They were praising the Lord with me and they were getting more shiny.
I had completely forgotten about the demonic spirits that were there because I was caught up in the glory of worshipping with the angels at the same time.
Every single time I said, 'Thank you, Jesus,' they would say, 'Thank you, Jesus.
' This went on for quite some time because I was taken back by what I was seeing in the spirit realm; it really was amazing.
After all this happened, I saw the glory come down.
It was around 4:00 or 5:00 in the morning by then, and I had to go to work by 7:00, so I went and laid down a little bit and dozed off.
But it was really hard to get any more rest.
I got to work the next day at the church and we had an all-staff meeting.
The pastor of the church, Pastor Mark, saw me because I was sitting in the front.
I told him, 'I want to tell you what happened last night.
' He said, 'Brandon, I don't doubt it at all.
As you were talking, you were shining.
I can see the glory shining on you.
There is actually a presence of the Lord that's shining on you.
' It was still on me from the night before, from having the visitation from the angels, and it was actually making me shine a little bit, from what Pastor Mark said.
It's just amazing.
I live by faith; I live this way.
I expect angelic visitations and manifestations of the glory in my house.
I expect God to do the impossible and I receive it.
Let me tell you another one.
There've been times whenever I'm going through a shady part of town and I'm nervous.
There was this one time I was going to the gas station and it was pretty late at night.
During the winter it seems late because the sun goes down so early.
I went to the gas station to put gas in the car and I was nervous to get out because of where I was.
All of a sudden, because God loves you all—God is a God of love and he's compassionate—just for my comfort, he opened my eyes.
He said, 'Look over, son.
' I looked over to my left and there was a massive, massive angel standing there watching over me as I was pumping gas in my car.
The angel was at attention.
He had muscles upon muscles; he made Arnold Schwarzenegger look like a little baby wimpy guy, or even some big bodybuilder, a Mr.
Olympia who is ripped.
This angel had muscle upon muscle and he was standing there decked out with this garment, which looked like some kind of armor, and he was looking out at attention, watching over me.
When I saw that, it took my breath away.
It blessed me.
As he was watching out for me, it just shows that we have angels that keep charge over us and they bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
He promised us in Psalm 91 that he would take care of us.
Do you believe that Jesus is still the same yesterday, today, and forever?
What he would do for the people in the Bible, he'll do for you.
Let me tell you another one.
I was working at the church and I've told you all about the healings when I led prayer and the angels bringing in hearts for people.
It was another heart testimony.
I was vacuuming the floor and I was seeing into the realm of the spirits.
This time, the angel touched me, and I literally thought I was going to come up out of my skin because I felt it on my shoulder.
I was the only one in the room vacuuming the church and I went, 'Whoa!
' You get a little startled when an angel touches you like that.
I turned around and I was seeing in the realm of the spirit—it wasn't a physical manifestation, but I saw him in the realm of the spirit—but he touched me in the natural.
He said, 'I've come to give Jim a heart.
You need to go and tell Jim that I've brought him a heart.
' Jim was believing and praying for a miracle because he had a bad heart.
He was one of the other janitors on staff and his blood pressure would drop really bad; he would have to go to the ER all the time.
It was very serious.
The angel brought this heart and I could see it in the spirit realm as clearly as I see my son right now.
The angel had a heart in both hands.
He brought it to me and he said, 'Go and tell Jim that I brought the heart for him.
' I said, 'Wow, what an honor.
' So I walked all the way down the hall.
Jim was in room number two or three.
I walked in there and the angel went in there.
I told Jim, 'Jim, there's an angel of the Lord here and he has brought you a heart.
Do you want to receive it?
I'm going to pray for you and you're going to receive this heart.
' He said, 'Man, you aren't seeing nothing, dude.
You're crazy, get out of here.
' He was totally pooh-poohing me, like I was a weirdo.
I said, 'No, really, I see an angelic being.
He wants to bring you a heart.
Do you want the heart?
' He goes, 'Dude, get out of here, stop bothering me.
That's weird.
' I was a little offended.
I told the angel, 'He doesn't want the heart.
You hear what he just said?
I'm out of here.
' I walked away.
I go back and I'm vacuuming the floors.
The angel of the Lord taps me on the shoulder again.
He said, 'Go one more time and ask Jim if he wants this heart.
' I said, 'You heard what he said.
He doesn't believe me and he made fun of me.
' He said, 'Just go ask him one more time.
' So I went down and I said, 'Jim, I'm coming because the angel asked me to ask you one more time: do you want this heart?
' He said, 'You really do see something, don't you, Brandon?
' I said, 'Yeah, I'm telling you, he's standing right there.
' I described what he looked like.
He goes, 'Well, yeah, I need healing.
' I went over and I said, 'In the name of Jesus, I command you to be healed of this heart condition.
' I watched that angel drop that heart inside of Jim's chest.
I said, 'I believe you received it, brother.
' The angel disappeared instantaneously.
Within 24 hours, he started getting better.
Now, I don't know where Jim is at now, but I'm telling you, at that moment, I believe Jim got a new heart and his flesh started getting better.
Later, Jim got caught up in drugs and alcohol and he backslid really hard, but at that moment, I believe with all my heart Jesus Christ gave Jim a heart and the angel brought it.
I wanted to encourage you all about that one.
I have so many visitations and manifestations of the glory.
I've told you all about my truck supernaturally getting pushed down the highway for two and a half miles.
We were pushed by an angel.
We ran out of gas; the gas gauge was out and I had forgotten to put gas in.
We drove a long way to work.
My wife was pregnant with my daughter at the time, and my other two children were in the back.
It was a hot summer day in the middle of July.
My truck turns off in the middle of the highway.
I go over to the side, put my hazard lights on, and told my wife, 'Baby, I'm going to have to walk to the gas station.
' She's big and pregnant and I'm thinking this is going to be really bad.
We start praying in the spirit.
Lo and behold, we have this massive boom.
I thought somebody had rear-ended us.
Our whole truck jerked and all of a sudden we started going faster and faster down the highway.
I put my blinker on and I'm riding on the shoulder, then I merge onto the highway with the engine off.
Whether you want to believe this or not, it's the truth.
We're going 70 miles an hour with the engine off, passing people in the left-hand lane.
That angel pushed us all the way down.
We took the exit and stopped at the stoplight; the angel pushed us through the stoplight, then turned right and pushed us right in front of the pump.
We all started screaming and praising the Lord because it was so supernatural.
Other people at the pumps were looking at us, wondering what was going on.
It was one of those moments when you're shaking because of what's happening in the natural.
God came through for us again.
I've told this story before, but it's worth telling again.
I've told you about the angel coming in when we were believing for the puppies to be raised from the dead.
A little baby girl angel came in and laid hands on Alice, and all those puppies came out.
Then I told you all about the hospital where my wife had no pain.
An angel came in and laid hands on my wife during our first pregnancy.
We were believing for a supernatural childbirth with no pain.
My wife was in labor with our daughter, Megan.
The angel came in and laid his hands on her stomach, and until my wife was almost completely through delivery, she felt nothing.
She felt contractions, but she had no pain at all.
Even the doctor and the people coming in—family trying to visit—some would say, 'That's impossible.
' All of a sudden, that angel took his hand away because there was so much doubt and unbelief in the room.
You get shaken by people speaking negative things around you about what God's doing.
Even the doctor was saying it was impossible.
The nurses all look at you like you're wild.
They don't understand how my wife was not having any pain during childbirth.
But this is very important: do not let negativity into your hospital room when you are believing for a miracle, because it's a robber of your faith.
Just like faith comes by hearing the word of God, doubt comes by hearing fear.
When Jesus was raising the little girl from the dead, he made all the other people leave the room because they didn't have faith.
He got them out of the house.
Doubt and unbelief rob you of what you're believing for.
Sometimes you've got to get people out of your room because they speak doubt.
If Jesus were on the earth today doing miracles, he would tell you to leave the room if you didn't have faith.
You've got to be like a bulldog on a bone; you've got to believe God for your miracle and not let the devil come in through doubt and unbelief to rob you of your victories.
I'm telling you this because the Lord told me it's time for his body to start commissioning their angels, saying, 'Father, I thank you that the angels are watching over me today; they will bear me up in their hands, lest I dash my foot against a stone,' based on Psalm 91.
I thank you that angels are watching me from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
I call in for prosperity.
I thank you that the angels are bringing finances to me and giving me favor.
Keep your angels busy.
People say you don't have authority over your angels.
The same Jesus Christ who had authority over the angels dwells on the inside of you.
If he is dwelling in you and you're seated with him in the heavenlies, you have it inside of you to do what he did.
The Bible says, 'Be ye imitators of God as dear children imitate their father.
' If we are as he is and we're supposed to imitate him, we have power to commission our angels just as he does.
We are seated with him in the heavenlies, just like Ephesians talks about.
You all need to read who you are in Christ.
I'm telling you: do that with your angels.
It works.
I can have what the word says I can have, and you can too.
He's no respecter of persons.
I made that as simple as I could because some people are very religious and thick when it comes to the supernatural.
Don't let the comment section tell you that you have no power or authority over angels.
I'm an imitator of God.
I'm a joint-heir of Jesus Christ.
I can do what Jesus says I can do.
He's no respecter of persons.
So be active with your angels.
They are ministering spirits sent to help you.
Father, I thank you right now in the name of Jesus for every person here.
We call them healed and whole.
We thank you for your angelic beings.
Your angels are sent forth to minister to the heirs of salvation.
I thank you, Father, that they're here to protect us from any calamity.
I thank you for your angels that watch over us and bear us up.
I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper today.
We commission prosperity angels to go and get our money in the name of Jesus from the north, south, east, and west.
I thank you that you're causing favor to come forth.
We bind every devil that tries to hinder or harm us.
I thank you that you have your swords and shields drawn and you're watching over us.
Watching over my wife, my children, and me today, Father, that there is no evil satanic agenda that will come near us or harm us in any way in Jesus' name.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
Amen.
Thank you for watching this video.
Like and subscribe.
Click that notification bell.
We want to say thank you for all your kindness and love.
You're such a blessing to us.
God bless you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song on your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you.
We will see you all next time.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.